0:05 - Edward So
Hey everyone, welcome to the session today. Let's give it a few more minutes until everyone joins and then we can kickstart. On this session. Everyone will start in a minute since there are still people joining. All right, everyone, welcome to the Singapore versus Hong CHONG Web3 Coin Trading Hackathon info session. Thank you So much for your time. I know you guys are all busy, So you are taking your precious time today to attend this info session and join this event. So let's get started. But today, the agenda, we will have a quick event introduction. First, we'll show you the platform demo and also the organizers that are organizing this event. Then we will have a sponsored spotlight session from LIM Trading. Jack from LIM will share a bit about LIM. Then we will dive into more details about the problem statement and also lots and key timeline for this event. Then we'll have a quick technical walkthrough session from our AI lead engineer, Tanish, to talk about the APIs and also how to deploy a bot on AWS Cloud. And then we'll wrap up with a Q&A session. So that is today's agenda. By the way, this meeting is recorded. So in case your teammates couldn't make it this time. We will also share the recording right after. So yeah, let's begin. So I'm Edward and I am a co-founder and CEO of Rooster Labs, the platform provider and the organizer for this hackathon. And there's just one slide to quickly talk about the platform demo to you. And So you can have a bit more context about exactly what this competition is about. So basically, we are a startup. We are incubated from University of Southern California, and we've built a really high-quality, real-time simulated crypto exchange trading platform for human beings and also algobots. So far, we have done more than 300 global university partnerships. Some of them are top universities in the world, such as the ones that you're attending right now. Yeah, and let me just quickly share the platform, how it looks like, So this app that your bots will be competing on. It's a real-time crypto market pay-per-stream platform. These are all real-time market prices streamed every split second. And your bot will be basically competing on this platform. We have designed it to be very competition-driven. So there are a lot of hosting a competition. This will be the specific competition room for you. For round one, there will be two competitions concurrently ongoing, the Hong CHONG track and also Singapore track. And to give you a bit of context, last year's semester, we have also hosted a very successful Quantrain Hackathon with the top three universities in Hong CHONG. And this is the winning team last time from CUHK. They managed to build a bot and make all these algorithmic decisions autonomously and plan the leaderboard to be first place. So this is kind of like exactly similar to how you'll be also competing on our platform. And yeah, going forward, we are also going to like becoming a scalable infrastructure for AI agents to trade on our platform as well. We have started to test some AI agents on our platform. But yeah, we are also opening up for algo bots like your bots to also test and trade and compete on our platform. So yeah, that's a little bit of a background intro And then now, let me go to the next slide. Yeah, So now we'd love to really take this opportunity to thank our sponsors. Without them, it won't be possible. And So firstly, our top tier platinum sponsor, LIM Trading. They are a top sponsor and also a top global trading firm in the world and research firm as well. And So today we have a representative Jack from LIM to also share a bit later with us. We have also our co-sponsors Optiva, Gondal Capital, and Qubis Systemic Strategies for this event. And these are all top firms in the industry. So we are very grateful to have them to support us. Yeah, So without also the hackathon organizer, this won't be possible. So it is a very exciting opportunity to be actually able to bring all these top student societies together, there are them, 10 to collaborate on this event. So from the Hong CHONG side, we have from Hku, the Quantitative Research Society and Data Science Association. We have traders at UST representing HKUST. We have three clubs from COHK, Strategic Investment Societies, Quant Training Society and FinTech Society as well. And then from Singapore side, thank you NUS Investment Society for being a partner. Also, thank you Quality Research Society from NTU. And then from SMU, we have also FinTech Society and SMU Quality Finance Society would be our partners. So yeah, it's very exciting because it's really first time bringing all these top seven clubs across the two regions for this event. So a bit like why we are doing this, we basically want to create a dynamic foreign community in Asia. That brings together ambitious people like yourself, top engineers and top quantalities together, especially under the current global backdrop of geopolitical uncertainty, wars and tension. We actually see this region in Singapore and Hong CHONG as being very attractive for global capital and talent to converge together. There's So much potential opportunity in this region, So we also want to bring everyone together. And second of all, very importantly, we want to connect the top career opportunities for top students like yourself and also for our top industry leaders like our sponsors. And there's a lot of value to be created and connected and foster development of this industry. And last but not least, we want to provide a meaningful and fun experience for you all. Hopefully, you guys will enjoy it and also learn something from this event. All right, without further ado, we would love to introduce Jack. From LIM Trading, and he is the APAC Alpha Lead. Yeah, thank you So much for your time, Jack. The floor is yours.

10:16 - Delta
Thanks, Edward. Do you mind stopping sharing for a second? There will be one second. Great. So thanks for the intro, Edward. So I know you will be keen to get to the competition. I'm not going to take very much of your time What I did want to talk about is three things. I'll give you a bit of background on me, just to set the context. I'll talk about why trading motivates me and why it might motivate some of you. And then I'll talk a little bit about how LIM is different in terms of the trading firm. Some of you may know HFT, some of you may not. And some of you within that may know specific firms. So for me, I've worked in LIM and in trading for 14 years now. Lead the alpha research team in APAC. So that sits across Sydney and Hong CHONG for LIM. I spend a lot of my time between those regions. And I'm actually as it happens moving to Hong CHONG later this year, to support expansion in the Hong CHONG region. So Edward's comments about the opportunity in APAC and the caliber of candidates there definitely resonates a lot with me and the growth opportunity in Hong CHONG. I come from an engineering background. So I'm showing my age a little bit, you know, 15 years ago or So, from, from the UK from Cambridge, there was less focus at that stage on ML. And I did a degree actually in aero engineering, and then moved into trading after trying a few different industries, I tried consultancy and software dev before moving to trading. So why trading then and why trading within that. So the first is that we have huge amounts of data. So you'll see that to some extent in the challenge, potentially, I'd expect that, you know, somewhat artificially constrained, you know, we have n years worth of data available to us a very high granularity across exchanges. That means that we can support some really high, high sophistication models, especially when you've got a strong dev team to back that up and who allow you to run those in production at Low latency and at high scale. I, as a researcher, never feel constrained about pushing the boundaries of what we can do from a dev perspective because of that strong backing, essentially. And that's a really exciting place to be as a quant researcher. Secondly, quant research in trading allows you to hit the ground, is set up correctly at least, allows you to hit the ground running, apply what you've done done already, I'd say these competition ideas are great ways to build that awareness and then to explore the cutting edge in industry. So you do not need a very strong prior background in trading. What you need is rigor, is a drive, is a curiosity to learn and So on. And if you have those skills, then trading could be a great place to push your understanding alongside some really smart people. Thirdly, within HFT, We trade So frequently that any improvement we make on alpha or on our strategies or on our dev side, we can see very quickly. And there's high upside to doing that. So we will get those things to production. So if I find an improvement in alphas today, I might see the impact of that next week, for example. And that might be very clear because of the trade cap we're making. So in my time, for example, I've seen the P&Ls for some of our strategies. Just through the efforts of a quantum researcher, for example, overhauling the modeling architecture that we're using. Or someone on the trading side, modifying the strategy that we bring to bear, or someone on the dev side, improving the latency that we run at, for example. And then finally, and pretty importantly for me, you can work on hard and challenging problems. What I work on now is different to what I worked on two years ago, is different from what I worked on four years ago. If that wasn't the case, I would have moved on from trading already. I wouldn't be engaged and excited. And I like the fact that I can compute with some great firms elsewhere. So whether it's the other trading firms sponsoring this event or others that you may know of or not know of, I have a strong respect for the competitors in the space. Each of these firms has some great people and is doing some really interesting work. So on that note then, why am I at LIM? This may not resonate with everyone. Describing what attracts me to LIM, you might find things resonate with you at one of the competitors, for example. But for me, for LIM, one of those pieces is that LIM is, I'd say, the fastest or the second fastest on pretty much every exchange worldwide. And that takes huge investment and great dev teams to do. I'm a quant researcher. I'm not a dev. The reason that excites me is that I'm around some great devs and that any improvement I make is very quickly mapped to production. So if you're already the fastest, then you just need to get smarter, essentially. And any improvement you make there has some pretty big upside. So I have a platform that can benefit from my insight, essentially, as a comp. Secondly, we believe in researchers working on problems that matter right from the start, researchers, devs, and traders, and doing that with support. So putting those juniors in a position where they can show what they can do and when they're still engaged a year in, two years in, five years in. Thirdly, as a team lead, I really look for the best ideas I can get from anywhere in the team. And we invest to support those ideas. And we invest to try and leapfrog our competitors in every area. And then finally, I believe quite strongly in collaboration. I work every day with traders and researchers across Hong CHONG and Sydney, and I work pretty much every week with researchers or traders in Chicago and in Amsterdam. So as an example, right now we have a global summit where we're trying to push what we can do as a company in a certain space and share a lot of what we're doing. So that's a core part of LIM is that collaboration. That is quite unusual within the space as some of you may know. It's ordinarily much more siloed than that, much more IP protection, which has its upside. It just doesn't engage me. I like to collaborate with the people around me. I like to compete with the other firms in the space. And that's one of the reasons I'm here. So with that, I'll leave you to the competition. I'm envious, to be honest, because I've Read through and it seems pretty exciting. So I think it's a great way of getting started in this career or even just figuring out whether this motivates you. So I'll hand back over to Edward unless there's any burning questions, but I'm also conscious of the time slot. Awesome.

17:24 - Edward So
Thank you So much, Jack, for your sharing. And it looks like LIM Trading has a great culture and great people, very collaborative and competitive at the same time. So yeah, thank you So much for your sharing. Maybe I can take back the screen and then start the exact details. So yeah, once again thank you Jack and SIM Trading and then let's go to the nitty-gritty details of this event. Regarding a problem statement and logistics, So the problem statement is very simple, very straightforward. Every team is required to build a live data driven trading bot or even an AI agent, it doesn't matter. All that matters is it competes on the competition platform. Strategies are open-ended. You can use any type of strategies you want, you like, You can be as creative, innovative as possible, as long as the bot can autonomously make these trading decisions without any manual intervention. So even the manual API code doesn't count. It has to be all made by the bot, the code itself. This is done by interfacing with our Exchange APIs to fetch, for example, fetch the portfolio data, the real-time pricing data, as well as executing the trades on our platform. We have a detailed problem statement here, So I won't go into detail in this call, because it's very well-written and self-explanatory on this doc, and we will be sharing this doc later on Monday when the competition officially starts. But this talk has all the details you need. We even have also a FAQ to answer all the questions about event. Coming back to the slides, let me just share my screen again. I do want to talk about a few important rules and constraints for this hackathon. Firstly, It's not like a market-making or arbitrage kind of hackathon. It's directional, discretionary, trading strategy-based. So you're not doing any arbitrage market-making here. Also, only smart trading is allowed. There's no leverage and shorting on the platform. Thirdly, teams are required to submit the repos as open source to be judged and validated that your strategy and your code is legitimate to be judged for the finalists. Fourthly is that the bots, as mentioned, should all make autonomous trade decisions. From the code strategy that you declare, and it should also run enough trading days. For example, the first drive is 10 days, then it should run at least 8 to 10 actively making trades. We will also provide every team with an AWS account to launch our EC2 instance that hosts your bots to run on the cloud. So you don't have to run it locally, as well as we will also cover all the AWS cloud expenses as well. Every team would get 1 million US dollar or virtual portfolio to start. And every executed order would take, just like any exchange, a 0.1% commission fee for market order or 0.05% five basis points for limit order. So these are the rules and constraints. This is the timeline. So now we are having this online intro session on Zoom. And then next Monday, it will officially start. By next Monday or hopefully this Sunday, you'll receive all the resources required to kickstart. The first round will go for 10 days, and then the second round will go for 10 days as well. Then we'll have a physical final presentation, both in Singapore and in Hong CHONG, in one of the universities. We'll send you the exact time and location very soon, but that will happen between 17th to 21st. The competition format, there will be two rounds. So the first round is the city qualifier round. As you see just now, there will be two separate concurrent competitions ongoing. We will put all the Hong CHONG university teams in the Hong CHONG one and the Singapore one in the Singapore one. And then will be two parallel competitions. The start date and end time is the same. It will run concurrently. Then we will select the top eight teams from each round from each city to advance to the final round to do a head-to-head compete. The second round is a fun one, which is like the head-to-head. So basically, we'll pick eight teams from Hong CHONG and Singapore. Eight teams from Singapore, 16 teams in total to complete in the final round. All the teams will have their own bots, right? It will be 16 independent trading bots competing independently. But at the same time, we will structure it that we will have the Hong CHONG, the A-teams from Hong CHONG, also competing with the A-teams in Singapore in the aggregate portfolio returns. So we take the average portfolio return and determine which city has the better performance on average from these A-teams. And So the winning city will also, all the A-teams will get some cash prizes as well, as well as win the gallery for the city. So it's kind of like, you know, there's a Hong CHONG and there's the Singapore fund. Each fund has like eight sub-portfolio teams representing and competing, but then they are also wanting to win against the other fund. So a bit of the logistics, what you'll receive from us is by next Monday, we will send each team an email containing this slide deck and also the video recording. We'll also send a problem statement. We'll send you an API guide. We'll send you an email invitation. We'll send you the API guide. We'll have a data resource pack and also a FAQ as well. We'll send you the AWS setup guide as well as an email invitation for the team captain to set up your sub-account. And also we'll send you two sets of Roots2API keys and secrets. And this is very important to not confuse them. One is for testing purposes. So you can already test interacting with our APIs. Through the testing general portfolio API keys. And there's another one specifically for the competition. So this one is, you only use this API key in secret when the competition starts. Don't use it before it, because every API call would result in actual trades in the competition, which will affect your performance already. So there are two sets of keys. What we expect from you, there are a few key dates. So the first 10 days will be the first round competition. And So we expect you to deploy your bot and let it live trading. But one important point is you can actually continuously update and improve your bot strategies throughout this competition. As long as you can, you basically, every time you iterate a strategy, you need to make a push commit to the repo as well. So we can track your commit history. So make sure that you are making legitimate changes of your strategies. And yeah, So that's the requirement. And before like March 28th, you are required to submit your repo link to be eligible to be evaluated for the final round. And on April 2nd, the finalist will be announced and then it will start the second round finalist commission on April April 4th. And then April 17th, you're required to submit your deck if you're a finalist for the presentation. And then you attend the physical presentation as well to interact with the sponsors and with the organizers. Every finalist team would have like eight minutes to present and four minute Q&A. So the presentation deck would be, it would need to be less than 12 slides covering all these topics here. And there will be a judge panel from our sponsors. Our sponsors will send traders and professional portfolio managers to be the judges. And they will select their favorite finalist teams. There will be three teams from each city to be selected. Yeah. And So please join the WhatsApp group for technical support and also all the announcement and non-technical questions as well. We will have everything happening on this WhatsApp group. So if you haven't joined already, I would give 10 seconds here for you to scan the QR code and join. Okay, So now the anticipating piece of this event. So for the prizes, there are three award categories and 22 prize slots. The first category is the Best Finance Presentation. There are six awards there. The second one is Pure Data-Driven, which is the performance reward based on the actual portfolio returns and also some risk-adjusted metric like Sharpe ratio, Sortino ratio, So on and So forth. And there will be eight awards across the two rounds of competitions. And then there will also be the Winning City Award. From this. So there'll be in total of $62K Hong CHONG dollars or $10K Singapore dollars of price pool. And a single team will potentially have multiple chances to win multiple slots as well. And for the career-related opportunities, basically this is like the big prize, right? Because you get to connect with our top-tier firms, top sponsors like LIM Trading, Optiva, Qubes system strategies, they are happy to offer you like, you know, assessment models and also for like the winning teams to attend like some exclusive events like company visits or networking dinners. And it's a really great opportunity for you to connect with these top firms because you would want to actually start your career there, right? They also like have really cool swags and merchandises from our sponsor. And your resumes, if you have submitted, will also be shared with all these institutional sponsors. And the third prize is that you basically get to build your own bot, or you learn how to build a lot of trade strategies down the line. We at Roots2 is happy to provide our platform for you to continue live testing, forward testing these bots on our platform. And if it's promising, if there's good results, you will also be potentially invited to be part of an educational training fund that we going to embark on. And last but not least, this is a great opportunity to meet your future co-founders or your business partners from this event. There's a highly dense talent pool here in this event. So you'll be meeting a lot of good people. And this will be actually your biggest asset on your network. So yeah, these are all the prizes. We'll have Q&A, by the way, later on. So keep your questions until the Q&A. We now have the next session, a technical walkthrough from PRANESH, who is an AI tech lead from Roost2 Labs. So, PRANESH, maybe off to you.

29:20 - PRANESH
Yeah, thank you, Edward. So, hello everyone. Myself, PRANESH, and I'm the AI tech leader at Roost2. And I'm here to just brief you about the API specs and the AWS setup, the guide to deploy your bots on AWS. So let me share my screen. Okay, So this is basically the API doc, which will be shared with you along with the startup app. This is the REST API URL, which you will be using to basically for the API endpoints. And everything is listed here in detail. And I will just walk you through each endpoint and brief you about what it exactly does. So this is like a server time endpoint. You can just verify to check whether the API is working or not. And there will be two sets of credentials, provided to you one is for testing and one is for actual trading purposes So the trade will provide the you have to use the sample one in the like the testing period and the other one when actual hackathon starts So this is the exchange endpoint you'll be using this to just get the info of the coins and their prices basically of your wallet it and then we have the sticker price at any moment if you have to check the price of the coins you can use this API endpoint and you all will be very familiar with how to use these So one more thing is there below this doc we have a python script a sample python code So you can use this for like for testing purposes if you have any doubt reach out to us on the groups and the next endpoint which I wanted to talk about is this the balance endpoint So using this you can check the balance if you have placed any trade and anything else you can check using this and there is also a place order endpoint this place order using this you can buy sell all the currencies which you have slipped and I can also show you using Okay, So this is basically when you check it, the server time is visible and exchange information and market ticker basically. So this is fairly simple and if you have any doubt in this you can ask. Now I'll proceed with the AWS second guide. Yeah. So, uh, this is like the part where you need to watch carefully. So you will receive a few emails from AWS. This will be like, we have created your account. So just, uh, ignore this and the email, which you have to work on with is this. It will be a reset password email. You just go. Go in, reset your password and set in a new password. Make sure the password follows all the rules and set the new password. And after this will be set, you will receive a confirmation email and then you will be redirected to the AWS app. And then like there are a few steps to set up, like you have to set up your multi-factor authentication. I can take you through that, but this is like a brief, right bro. So you just get redirected to the AWS access portal, and then you click on hackathon permission set, and then you will directly be signed into your AWS account. And after you get in here, you go into EC2. And in launch templates, we have a predefined launch template for you, which we have selected. And also make sure to choose in the specific region, which is Sydney. And then go into launch templates. This is the starter template. Created for you, which contains everything. So you don't need to select everything manually. Then go into instances. Like first, let me, okay. This year, if I go here, launch instance from template and select the launch template, and then basically keep there, you don't need to keep there. And everything is also written down in a guide that will also be shared with you. And then just you have to click Launch Instance. And a few things which I wanted to make clear is that you can only launch one instance. If you create more than one instances, the other one will be terminated. So make sure that you only run one instance, not more than one. And then you can proceed here. Connect manager and then connect to it. And we have only given you the access to be able to connect to this instance via session manager. So you can only connect to the browser and then here you are in. And then you can proceed with all the processes like install your clone your repositories and install requirements and run your bot basically. So this was the entire process. If you have any doubt, you can ask me now.

37:01 - Edward So
All right. Have you done the sharing on the technical side?

37:09 - PRANESH
So just one more thing that like I hope everyone has shared an email which is not linked to an existing account, AWS account. So that is if you have shared an email which is not registered to an existing AWS account, that's fine. And yeah, I wish everyone all the best for the hackathon. Feel free to reach out if we have any doubts. Thank you.

37:32 - Edward So
All right, thank you PRANESH. Yeah, there are probably a lot of details that will be hashed out and we have the WhatsApp group to answer all questions as well. Our engineers are all there for support and also the hackathon, the teams can also help support each other. But yeah, now it's the Q&A session. So now floor is yours. Feel free to either type your questions on the chat or just speak up your mic. No, there's no put options on our platform. It's only pure spot trading. On the API, can I clarify if... Yeah, I think maybe this is your... Yeah, PRANESH, can you confirm this question?

38:30 - PRANESH
Yeah, just a minute.

38:30 - Edward So
I'm reading.

38:35 - PRANESH
Yeah, on the API, you actually get an option to select the currencies and after you select the currencies, you get the exchange info for that specific currency. Otherwise, if you don't select any currency, you get all the the information for all the currency.

39:02 - Edward So
Yeah. And regarding like a trading strategy, like just like as long as it's constrained within like the, you know, our exchange like spot trading, like any trading strategy can be done. Like the entire overall goal is to maximize your portfolio returns, right? In this market? Yes, you have your API key. There are two sets of API keys. One set is for general portfolio testing. And you can then already try all the post requests or get requests without exchange to test and debug your bot. So we have a testing API key for you. We get our data from Binance. They are all real-time data. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You register solo, you choose group me with others. Yes, I will be doing the pairing tonight. So I would send out emails for those teams that wish to pair up with other teams. And I would try to make the grouping according to university. So for example, like two teams from Hku, I would try to pair them up in the same university. What's the API rate limit per minute or second? I believe it's around 30 calls, 30 to 60 calls per minute. Happy charge is not really bad. Like it's just like, we are like, on one platform, So you can't really do arbitrage. Arbitrage is always cross-exchange platforms, right? So it's just not possible. So the overall goal is to have the highest portfolio return on the strategy, given all the constraints of the the platform cost. I mean, market making, you can try it out on the course, right? We don't care about how your bots are actually making a strategy. The entire goal is to maximize your portfolio leaderboard return, given that you can buy and sell those currencies on our platform. It's just that arbitrage is not possible because it's not cross-platform competition. Orders are matched by... We basically built this trading engine ourselves. It's like a simulated exchange. The orders are matched on our platform. We don't have a shorting feature yet.

42:12 - PRANESH
It's best not to answer that.

42:16 - Edward So
Yes, this is a great question, Julia. Yes, the leaderboard is based on peer returns, but actually let me try to share my screen to answer this question. The problem statement, actually, we have also, you know, there's a performance reward, right? As well. So we will also be computing every team's performance based on three ratios. So TINA ratio, Sharpe ratio, and Karma ratio. And this is basically the way that we are going to compute it. And there will be a specific category award for the best composite score as well, which is a risk-adjusted performance. So not only the absolute return, but we also care about the risk-adjusted return. No, there's no market impact. There's no slippage whatsoever. If you execute an order, it will be filled with the commission rate only, you don't need to worry about the slippage. Yeah, we don't define like if you want to try out arbitrage strategy on our platform, you can try it out as well. It's just the goal is to make a strategy that makes the most returns. Yes, yes, yes. It is allowed. It's open-ended. As long as you can use your algorithm and then have those strategies trade autonomously on a platform and climb up the leaderboard. And that's the overall goal. And yeah, you will get a recording of this meeting with the resource pack email. In the email, we'll send like yeah yeah the notion will also be shared after this meeting it will be all shared on latest by monday but hopefully on sunday like a list of like like all the materials. No delay. It's all real-time. Any more questions? We'll give it maybe a minute more. If you want to speak up as well, feel free. What do you mean by Binance Alpha? You can trade the BNB coins. Right now, we don't have perps. It's just a spot right now on the platform. And we have like 66 crypto available. Let me just share the platform again. So you can see all the lists of assets that you can trade on our platform. As Schroding, we just don't have this API called these options available on the platform. And also for people that want to change any details on the registration form, you can resubmit before the end. If you to change any detail on your team formation or any detail about your team emails and stuff, you should resubmit on the same type form. And of platform registration is tomorrow, Saturday, 12 p.m. Noon. Yes, the paper trading platform with similar trading fees, as mentioned, that would be 0.1% for market order and 0.05% for limit order. Who are the judges? For the preliminary round, the judges, we have this evaluation criteria that we'll judge you from Basically, making sure that firstly, you comply the rules, like there's like, you know, commit history. And then secondly, you the top 20 from each city, So 40 teams to to do like a deeper dive onto these evaluation metrics. And also like the code and strategy review. And this is how we are going to pick the top 16 teams the top 16 teams will have the physical presentation and then the judges will be the sponsor. You don't need to open a laptop. That's why we have AWS. That's why we have like That's why you need to host your bot on AWS So it can be run on the cloud 24-7 instead of opening up your laptop. You will have the AWS creds by Monday. And to make sure that you're successfully registered, basically, if you are in this call, very likely you're already successfully registered. Once you fill in the type form, you already have all your information and send the info. And your email to this event. So your team is already registered. Are there any restrictions on... Yeah, maybe this one for you, Tanish.

49:09 - PRANESH
Yeah, So you can only use EC2 and that too you can launch only one instance. So we have this restriction for just launching the agent have launched the bot and nothing else So yeah that is the description and can all the members get the credentials like we'll have one credentials for the AWS account and you can any team member can log in to using that.

49:56 - Edward So
Okay, any other questions? You can also ask the questions on the WhatsApp group as well, as it starts. Yeah, PRANESH. What are the compute resources?

50:13 - PRANESH
Yeah, like you get t3.medium type of instance. For hosting your bot.

50:41 - Edward So
Yeah, I think that's it, since it's close to time. Thank you So much for attending this info session. We hope that you will be able to learn a lot and also have fun in this event and also get all the perks. If you get into the finalists, then you will also be able to get the opportunities as well. With the sponsors. So okay, there are two more. How is the order? If you can detect, if you can create a bot, So there's a leaderboard delay. You can't copy other trades. I would be very curious how you can copy other trades, other people's trades. But yeah, we have a leaderboard delay, So you won't be able to copy other trades in real time. And also, yeah, I don't think that's very original, right? Because it's not really a trading strategy. Can I alter the board during a trade session? Yes, we have mentioned that we can alter the board during a trading session as well. As long as you make a clear commit to the repo and say that this is your strategy change, So we can track all the changes. Any restriction Oh, there's private questions. It's like t3.medium for the CPU, but there's no other restrictions. Yeah. And then the trade will be only executed when it hits the price. So it depends, right? If your bot is on market order, then it will trade immediately. If it's on limit order, then it will trade only when it hits the price. So it depends on how you want to set your strategy to use market order limit orders. No one will add SMM. We will add SMM. It's a mock exchange. So you don't need to worry about your order not being filled. It won't have any slippage. So that's why I focus more logic of why making certain trades. And there's a question, private question, how many times can we change the bot during competition? There's no limit as long as you provide like, you know, but you don't want to keep changing strategy as well. You want to let your strategy play out for a while. Theoretically, there's no limit, but you need to commit history clear on a repo. One more. You can't trade yourself for emergency. That's the whole point. You can't do any manual API calls. If we catch that, your team won't be selected for finalists. Every API call has to be automatic. You can use software API to assess news, if you want to. If you want to run some AI, strategy behind it seemed by scraping the sentiment of news and then make a decision whether you want to trade or not for your bot. That's fine. If you want, you can even use AI models behind the scenes. I think that's probably all of it. If you have any burning questions, just ask in the WhatsApp group. Thank you So much, everyone, for your time. We look forward to a successful event. Stay tuned. Thank you all for coming and thank you for your time. See you guys. Bye-bye.